Fix - Missing Reference for -webkit-fill-available (#36190)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/webkit_extensions/index.md

- `-webkit-padding-start`
  - : Use the standard {{CSSxRef("padding-inline-start")}} property instead.

## -webkit-prefixed property values

- `-webkit-fill-available`

>   - : Used with sizing properties like {{CSSxRef("width")}} and {{CSSxRef("height")}}, to allow elements to take up all the available space within their parent container. `stretch` or `fill-available` are available as standard replacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Used with sizing properties like {{CSSxRef("width")}} and {{CSSxRef("height")}}, to allow elements to take up all the available space within their parent container. The flexbox `stretch` value (see for example {{CSSxRef("align-items")}} and {{CSSxRef("justify-items")}}) provides a standard replacement.
```

Reviewer: I've edited it like this because I thought it would be good to link to some examples of where `stretch` is used, and also, I couldn't find any evidence of `fill-available` being specified anywhere, or supported without the `-webkit-` prefix (I did a few tests). Do you know where it is specified?

Author: `fill-available` is available only in Safari browser. But `stretch` and `fill-available` are doing the same work so any examples for `stretch` can be used as reference for `fill-available`.

For Reference: https://caniuse.com/?search=fill-available

Reviewer: It's not a standard though, is it? It isn't defined in an official specification?

Author: Yes, not a standard yet.

- `-webkit-padding-start`
  - : Use the standard {{CSSxRef("padding-inline-start")}} property instead.

## -webkit-prefixed property values

- `-webkit-fill-available`

>   - Used with sizing properties like {{CSSxRef("width")}} and {{CSSxRef("height")}}, to allow elements to take up all the available space within their parent container.
>   - `stretch` or `fill-available` are available as standard replacements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Used with sizing properties like {{CSSxRef("width")}} and {{CSSxRef("height")}}, to allow elements to take up all the available space within their parent container. `stretch` or `fill-available` are available as standard replacements.
```
